# Meeting Minutes
## Meeting Information
**Meeting Date:** 20-dec-2023<br/>
**Status:** FINAL

## Attendees

- Rafał Artych (Deutsche Telekom)
- Ajit Raghavan (Ericsson)
- Ludovic Robert (Orange)
- Mohammed E. Ali (STC)
- Agustín Martín (Telefonica)
- Pedro Díez (Telefonica)


## Goals
Review of Issues/PRs and next steps</br>


Item | Who | Description
---- | ---- | ----
[PR#125](https://github.com/camaraproject/CarrierBillingCheckOut/pull/125) | Telefonica | Enhancements for Carrier Billing v0.2 - Part II
[PR#128](https://github.com/camaraproject/CarrierBillingCheckOut/pull/128) |Telefonica | Diagram Payment Lifecycle Adjustment
New Carrier Billing Features | WG | Kick-Off about new Carrier Billing Features


### Items Discussion

Item | Discussion
---- | ---- 
[PR#125](https://github.com/camaraproject/CarrierBillingCheckOut/pull/125) | Pull Request need final review from the team. Ludovic (ORA) approved it as already reviewed. Please make comments if any. Intended to merge this week. Once this done, Pedro (TEF) will create another issue to create the rc version (The version will be suffixed with -rc). Then Pedro will do a PR with the swagger updated with this version. But merging PR #125 is a prerequisite. Accordingly, Pedro will do a PR with the swagger updated with this version. Final comments can be indicated over this new PR.
[PR#128](https://github.com/camaraproject/CarrierBillingCheckOut/pull/128) | Pull Request generated in order to address Ludovic's comment in [PR#125](https://github.com/camaraproject/CarrierBillingCheckOut/pull/125) about not reaching `denied` status in 1-STEP PAYMENT, SYNC process, already `MERGED`.
New Carrier Billing Features | Discussion for new functionalities. Pedro (TEF) listed them:<br>•  Refund<br>• Recurring payment<br>• Reversal (This is for temporary transaction so this is a rollback without any charge to the customer)<br><br>Priorities from the community:<br>• For DT, needs to check with product team<br>• For Orange, needs to check with product team<br>• For STC, needs to check with product team<br>• For Telefonica, it is refund<br><br>**Zoom on Refund function** by Agustin (TEF) [Refund functionality for Payment requests · Issue #104](https://github.com/camaraproject/CarrierBillingCheckOut/issues/104))<br>• Refund could be total or partial.<br>• Additional state could be added.<br><br> Initial Comments:<br>• Ludovic indicated was not aligned from model to have a ‘same’ resource for both payment/refund. His preference is to have separated resources.<br>• Mohamed (STC) has some UC where the payment id is not mandatory in the refund (Merchant is in charge to control de balance/accountability of the transactions). Ajit (ERICSSON) agreed on this. Question raised is: then, how the refund is correlated to the payment? Not necessary, Mohamed explained that this is the difference with reversal whom mandate payment.<br>• Agustin explained that in Telefonica the refund must be correlated to one payment (not more than one), but the refund could be less than the initial payment amount, so as it is possible to have several refunds for same payment as long as the sum of the refund did not exceed initial payment amount.<br><br>**Zoom on recurring payment** by Mohamed (STC) [Identify if the payment is one time payment or recurring payment · Issue #114](https://github.com/camaraproject/CarrierBillingCheckOut/issues/114))<br>• It is explained as a feature to differentiate one-time payment from recurrent ones so as OTP is no required from the subsequent payments. In terms of Backend logic is enable internally a periodic payment without explictly triggering it.<br><br> Initial Comments:<br>• On roadmap for TEF (but probably in H2' 24)<br>• To be check by DT<br>• For Orange, Ludovic will confirm but up to his knowledge a specific entity (product order) is managed for ordering a service with recurring payment. This productOrder is send from merchant to Carrier Billing server. Then payment are triggered from the merchant to the Carrier billing server depending on the periodicity. In the payment the product order is provided as reference.<br><br>**Zoom in Reversal** by Mohamed (STC) [Reversal API · Issue #115](https://github.com/camaraproject/CarrierBillingCheckOut/issues/115). Relevant information indicated:<br>• From a business flow side very similar to refund. In this case, paymentId is mandatory. It is proposed due to any problem in merchant/Operator side while performing a given payment<br>• But very different behavior: It will not be reflected in the invoice and distinct behavior for fee/commission as well as they could be cancelled in this case.<br><br> Next actions commented:<br>• Operators to check priorities in order to drive technical work<br>• Operators to provide Use Cases within the related issues for better understanding of them.


### Next Steps
- Next Meetings:<br/>
	• Next meeting: 10th-January 16:00 - 17:00 (CET)<br/>
