# Meeting Minutes
## Meeting Information
**Meeting Date:** 28-sep-2023<br/>
**Status:** FINAL

## Attendees

- Rafał Artych (DEUTSCHE TELEKOM)
- Ludovic Robert (ORANGE)
- Pedro Díez (TELEFONICA)


## Goals
Review of Issues/PRs and next steps</br>


Item | Who | Description
---- | ---- | ----
WG Status | WG | Update Working Group Status
[Issue#97](https://github.com/camaraproject/CarrierBillingCheckOut/issues/97) | Telefonica | Improvements for Carrier Billing


### Items Discussion

Item | Discussion
---- | ---- 
WG Status | Next steps are to work in a consistent v0.2.0, addressing several issues:<br> • Commonalities related: securitySchemas, notifications guidelines.<br> • Enhancing API documentation in API spec.<br> • Fixing some topics (e.g. adding 404 Exception to endpoints that have paymentId defined in path) and gaps.<br> Several issues will be opened and reuse a common PR to work on. Some comments from Ludovic (Orange) about securitySchemes for query endpoints (GET) to be used in 2-legged mode, to be discussed further. With all of this, an initial release would be tagged. Rafał (DT) also comments in this way in order to have an initial release. 
[Issue#97](https://github.com/camaraproject/CarrierBillingCheckOut/issues/97) | Improvements for Carrier Billing. Regarding the topic of **Enhancement of the look & feel** Pedro (TEF) will take a look to other WGs next week. Regarding **Notifications design** it will be addressed with commonalities output.


### Next Steps
- Next Meetings:<br/>
	• Next meeting: 11th-OCT, 16:00 - 17:00 (CEST)<br/>
