# Meeting Minutes
## Meeting Information
**Meeting Date:** 07-jun-2023<br/>
**Status:** FINAL

## Attendees
- Rafał Artych (DT)
- Jan Friman (ERICSSON)
- Rittwik Jana (GOOGLE)
- Masaharu Hattori (KDDI)
- Ludovic Robert (ORANGE)
- Fahad Tanwir (STC)
- Jorge García Hospital (TELEFONICA)
- Pedro Díez (TELEFONICA)


## Goals
Review of Issues/PRs and next steps</br>


Item | Who | Description
---- | ---- | ----
[Issue 79](https://github.com/camaraproject/CarrierBillingCheckOut/issues/79) | WG (ORA,TEF) | Decision in CAMARA API for Carrier Billing


### Items Discussion

Item | Discussion
---- | ---- 
New Participants | Welcome to Rittwik, Masa and Jim. Explained the current situation within the CAMARA Carrier Billing WG
[Issue 79](https://github.com/camaraproject/CarrierBillingCheckOut/issues/79) | Telefonica introduces rationale and history behind the Issue. Current status is trying to reach an agreement and not wait for a vote that can be delayed in time.<br> • Therefore, after internal checking, Telefonica is OK to consider Orange proposal under certain conditions. Points under consideration are listed in this [PowerPoint Slide](XXX).<br> • Orange has initially agreed in these conditions. <br> • Based on this initial agreement, Telefonica & Orange will work to integrate all these points in a common contribution. We are open to comment/issue from the team.<br> • Good feedback from the team waiting to receive that common input (Ericsson, STC). <br> • Google asks if there is currently an API for this WG. Orange indicates there is not yet, there are two proposals and Orange and Telefona are working on presenting a common proposal based on agreement guidelines.<br> • Telefonica indicates hopefully to have an initial common proposal soon because wants to promote Carrier Billing API in an MVP this year. If needed, ad-hoc meeting can be scheduled to present&discuss proposal.    


### Next Steps
- Next Meetings:<br/>
  • Agreed to move forward by Bi-weekly meetings. Exceptional weekly meeting could be arranged on demand if any topic of relevance is raised<br/>
