# Meeting Minutes
## Meeting Information
**Meeting Date:** 09-nov-2022<br/>
**Status:** FINAL

## Attendees
- Gareth Williams (GSMA) 
- Robert Ludovic (Orange)
- Sylvain Morel (Orange)
- Albaraa Bajnaid (STC)
- Pedro Díez (Telefonica)

## Goals
Attendees presentation </br>
Initial aligment on features </br>
Initial point of view of participants

Item | Who | Description
---- | ---- | ----
[Pull Request 7](https://github.com/camaraproject/CarrierBillingCheckOut/pull/7) | STC | Initial User Stories
[Issue 10](https://github.com/camaraproject/CarrierBillingCheckOut/issues/10) | Telefonica | Features discussion
[Issue 3](https://github.com/camaraproject/CarrierBillingCheckOut/issues/3) | Telefonica | Initial API Proposal

### Items Discussion

Item | Discussion
---- | ----
[Pull Request 7](https://github.com/camaraproject/CarrierBillingCheckOut/pull/7) | Two User Stories defined, one related to Payment procedure and the other one related to Payment Method Provisioning/Onboarding. About the first one, there are no relevant comments and participants are aligned about it. Regarding the second one, STC comments about some business scenarios (Apple), in which payment method provisioning is needed. On this matter, Orange and Telefonica provide comments in the line that this functionality is not really part of "core" payment functionalty, so this functionality maybe fits in later version or other CAMARA track.
[Issue 10](https://github.com/camaraproject/CarrierBillingCheckOut/issues/10) | A first set of features are commented to check participants view on them:<br/>**Individual Purchase/Payment**:<br/> • Orange: Model is splitted and purchase and payment are 2 distinct entities (with of course relationship. They have their own lifecycle. From Orange perspective, priority is payment. Individual Payment is first priority.<br/> • STC: Individual Payment is also first priority.<br/> • Telefonica: Analogous comment, this feature is first priority<br/>**Recurrent Purchase/Payment (a.k.a. subscriptions)**: All participants agree on having this feature as a second priority<br/>**OTP Payment validation (2FA SMS OTP)**: All participants have the same view on considering this feature as first priority.<br/> • STC also indicates the need to deal with scenarios managed not only by SMS OTP but also via Push Notifications<br/>**Retrieve Purchase/Payment Details**: All participants agree on having payment details as a first priority feature. Also list of payments is commented as a valuable feature.<br/> • In baseline proposal not included the list feature by Telefonica due to the fact of managing payment list between different Apps (scenario: one App cannot see payments performed by other App and viceversa)<br/>**Refund**: All participants share the view of having this feature as a second priority<br/>NOTE: Orange indicates within this issue the consideration of having 1/2-STEP payment flow approach (i.e. having both options at OBs discretion). [Reference Flow](https://github.com/camaraproject/CarrierBillingCheckOut/blob/main/documentation/SupportingDocuments/Carrier%20Billing%20sequence%20diagram.png)
[Issue 3](https://github.com/camaraproject/CarrierBillingCheckOut/issues/3) | Initial API Proposal.<br/> • Telefonica introduces the initial proposal, indicating the concepts of Purchase and Payments, the 2-step process (prepare and confirm/cancel) and the asynchronous option behaviour -via notifications_uri-).<br/> Orange provides two comments over it:<br/> • Purchase / Payment model splitted (relationship between both concepts are done by reference: an order could refer a payment, then the comment about focusing on Payment withing this track).<br/> • Use of notifications seen technically as a good approach, however experience observed with end developers indicates more frequent the use of polling. So proposing to have notifications in a latter phase.<br/> • STC asks about OTP validation procedure, how it works. Telefonica indicates initially thinking in a process embbebed within Payment Preparation Phase (managed internally by OB systems, that generate an SMS towards authorized msisdn and provide info in response to present OTP validation link.<br/> As part of this issue discussion, Orange comments about having a view about payment status and available transactions between them.

### Next Steps
- Agree on first proposal features scope @PedroDiez initiates issue
- Work on Payment status and transitions @PedroDiez initiates issue
- Think about options for OTP validation (in 1-STEP scenario as well in order to figure out) @all
