# Meeting Minutes
## Meeting Information
**Meeting Date:** 24-may-2023<br/>
**Status:** FINAL

## Attendees
- Fahad Tanwir (STC)
- Naeem Ur Rehman (STC)
- Jorge García Hospital (TELEFONICA)
- Pedro Díez (TELEFONICA)


## Goals
Review of Issues/PRs and next steps</br>


Item | Who | Description
---- | ---- | ----
[Issue 79](https://github.com/camaraproject/CarrierBillingCheckOut/issues/79) | WG | Decision in CAMARA API for Carrier Billing
[Several Issues] | Huawei | Several Issues Opened by Huawei (Miranda Tsing) more details below


### Items Discussion

Item | Discussion
---- | ---- 
[Issue 79](https://github.com/camaraproject/CarrierBillingCheckOut/issues/79) | Issue opened based on topics/discussion already kept within WG.<br/> • Orange (Ludovic) could not attend meeting but advised in advance about the opening  of the issue. Agreed to upload [PR#78](https://github.com/camaraproject/CarrierBillingCheckOut/pull/78) as supporting documentation.<br/> • STC looks good to open the issue and be able to manage this topic as it is needed an aligned solution.<br/> • Commented during meeting, with the aim of reaching a conlusion and have a way forward within this WG.<br/> • Being internally checked also with Markus under which conditions a votation can be performed within WG or needs to be addressed via TSC.<br/> • After meeting (26/May), Orange indicates their preference of managing this topic at TSC level.
[Several Issues] | Several Issues opened by Huawei. Company is interested in contributing in this WG. Issues to be addressed offline during next two weeks (Issues 73, 74, 76, 77). Miranda joined meeting once finished. Pedro talk to her offline in order to comment about next meeting so she can join, introduce herself into the WG and participate in meetings. 


### Next Steps
- Next Meetings:<br/>
  • Agreed to move forward by Bi-weekly meetings. Exceptional weekly meeting could be arranged on demand if any topic of relevance is raised<br/>
	• Next meeting 7th June (To Be Scheduled). 16:00 - 17:00 CEST<br/>
